https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ & Never gonna give you up & Rick astley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXeb9cb6k0I & Naruto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOU4YiuaxAM & Kekkai Sensen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ep3QkaabO-c & Chuunibyou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J69oCCM1EcI & Noragami
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nftxDrStny8 & Cowboy bebop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrF-7-OJ7PA & Mob Psycho 100
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPMxMR1vAVE & Btooom!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmroZqXImbo & Death note
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msjoPMgFFFo & Dagashi Kashi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXoYdeyP3J0 & Gate saison 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_hEQT1aziQ & Kamisama no Memochou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsP_P9Mn2qE & Mushishi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUVDtwpWgp0 & Guilty crown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI9XqtFHH7c & Nanatsu no taizai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMoVmSV4yA8 & Overlord
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-3Y-2aj9Cw & Naruto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OioWtSKX6w & Erased
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0XBe1oZt6Q & GTO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DeichFmXJ4 & Shingeki no kyojin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BmVg1xhAuA & Hajime no ippo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BSTQvHlqyo & Boku no hero academia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmZjyxW5NPw & Koutetsujou no kabaneri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM8-QYMvYp4 & Re:zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVaNq9uSJgY & Reol & Chiru chiru
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3SiHlwoyq0 & Death parade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77ggV3wGL50 & Aimer & Insane dream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0XBe1oZt6Q & Aldnoah zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZPELMm-W68 & Ao no exorcist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-MEKwXFF-s & Bleach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrrEqUGnbS4 & K-ON!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phAoChN1nC4 & GTO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPY4KYAfReU & Danshi Koukousei No Nichijou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6fwe3EFTRQ & Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBoitJRXDSQ & Tamako Love Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIHJWCKxY3E & Kokoro Connect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iQhH-qjIUE & Hyouka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxJWUj-MMGs & Hanasaku Iroha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcwzDxqzpo0 & Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IH742fxHWhI & Senyuu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJEGb4MPV6I & Steins;Gate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03x0bU2w9HI & Lucky Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=St5dZgMwcBs & Selector Infected WIXOSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A_n1CDsPX4 & Pretty Please & Moeshop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_uy5cVHVlQ & Prison School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ7bC9XycU0 & Nichijou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDinGYteoJ0 & NHK ni Youkoso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYPDjli1iRw & One punch man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsCwmZpRs40 & Love Live! School Idol Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMx0V3arFXI & Danna ga Nani o Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken Yukari Tamura Ii Kagen ni Shite Anata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRd9g-Uw50M & No game no life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGcz1_CnmmE & Osumatsu-san
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i8GGYdwq3Y & The Perfect Insider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viCewgX6xak & The Perfect Insider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viCewgX6xak & The Perfect Insider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxWRstvs_pk & Gintama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-ijjsvfC_o & Amagi Brilliant Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKJh7IpV-4c & Boku no pico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg4K9OukNUs & Tanaka-kun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eB3c2R1Awg8 & Konosuba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC0Vcn8_IWk & Kore wa zombie desu ka?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CfgOBxiP2w & Rokka no yuusha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-_4piNFe4M & Kyoukai no Kanata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luiFszMRE4o & Special A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N55-W3kbLPc & B Gata H Kei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB_IxWh_ikk & Nisekoi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_D4rjzkmU8 & Toradora!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPqphxKapm8 & Amnesia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2joQVmfFcA & Clannad Saison 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xa1QecSPzc & Blood lad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIsd-568FJY & School Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b88Z85mxBas & Another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgWkIrFQQE0 & Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xmpt6IvDqwg & School Rumble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgTX44lxlfQ & Rosario + Vampire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hA4na_3jT0 & Angel Beats!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4xEdnQ2hVw & Black Bullet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB5qUxR6ch4 & Charlotte
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjUtmbZt8zc & Guilty Crown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOEZUVfwF4E & High School DxD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yN8Rlp3Oi94 & Kimi ni Todoke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YlDQpHXZPk & True Tears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFFZCTwRRIk & Your Lie in April
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-BXB-9Vwh4 & My Lucky Strike & Maroon 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmXQFwlD7vk & If I Had You & Adam Lambert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twqM56f_cVo & Catgroove & Parov Stelar